Grandma, something slipped my mind.
Could you remind me when is Miles' birthday?
His birthday?
You don't remember when Miles' birthday is?
Maybe last night was just an act.
Is she really an imposter?
His birthday is the 23rd next month.
Strange.
Why is Grandma suddenly asking about this?
And what is his favorite food?
Asparagus.
His least favorite food?
Tomatoes.
His first car?
Aston Martin.
His favorite pet?
Goldby.
Then one last question.
Why did you marry Miles?
Because I love him.
I've always loved him.
And I swore I would marry no one else but him.
But I can't say the real reason.
She knows Miles so well.
That can't be faked.
OK, dear.
We'll have a great evening.
Madam, ask for your request.
We have thoroughly investigated Ms. Elaine's background.
Here is her complete file.
Thank you.
I need you to draft a divorce agreement
for me over the next couple of days.
The sooner the better.
Divorce.